Added feature-gate to glossary (#38895)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/feature-gates.md

---

> title: Feature gates
> id: feature-gates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Feature gate
id: feature-gate
```

date: 2023-01-12
full_link: /docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/
short_description: >

>   Feature gates are a set of key=value pairs that describe Kubernetes features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A way to control whether or not a particular Kubernetes feature is enabled.
```

aka: 
tags:
- fundamental
- operation
---

> Feature gates are a set of key=value pairs that describe Kubernetes features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature gates are a set of keys (opaque string values) that you can use to control which
Kubernetes features are enabled in your cluster.
```

Reviewer: The values (enabled or disabled) aren't part of the feature gate. For example, `IndexedJob` is a feature gate you can enable; `IndexedJob=true` isn't.

Author: @sftim, 
Thanks for the review comments. I incorparated the suggestions. PTAL!!

<!--more-->

> You can turn these features on or off using the --feature-gates command line flag on each Kubernetes component.

Reviewer 2: nit.
```suggestion
You can turn these features on or off using the `--feature-gates` command line flag on each Kubernetes component.
```

> Each Kubernetes component lets you enable or disable a set of feature gates that are relevant to that component. Use -h flag to see a full set of feature gates for all components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Kubernetes component lets you enable or disable a set of feature gates that are relevant to that component.
The Kubernetes documentation lists all current
[feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) and what they control.
```

Author: @sftim,
Thanks for the review comments. I incorparated the suggestions. PTAL!!

---
title: Feature gate
id: feature-gate
date: 2023-01-12
full_link: /docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/
short_description: >
  A way to control whether or not a particular Kubernetes feature is enabled.

aka: 
tags:
- fundamental
- operation
---

Feature gates are a set of keys (opaque string values) that you can use to control which
Kubernetes features are enabled in your cluster.

<!--more-->

> You can turn these features on or off using the '--feature-gates' command line flag on each Kubernetes component.

Reviewer 2: Just a small nit. I'll approve & lgtm it once this is fixed
```suggestion
You can turn these features on or off using the `--feature-gates` command line flag on each Kubernetes component.
```
